Hello everyone,
My name is Raphaelle, I am a product manager, and I am here with Alexandre, who is a full stack developer. We are both based in France.
For this hackathon, we want to present you an idea that comes from the world of art sales, specifically digital art.
Changement de slides
Today, there are two ways to sell a digital work:
either, you sell it like any other work of art with a certificate of authenticity, and we know how to do it.
Or the work is an NFT and incorporates royalty mechanisms linked to the copyright of the work.
but, today, 99% of royalty smart contracts are inapplicable to art professionals.
Why? Because they ignore the fiscal and legal realities faced by art producers.”
Changement de slides
“In France, as in Europe, a producer has legal obligations: they must collect VAT, pay social security contributions, and amortize their production costs before redistributing profits.
This introduces a difference in the redistribution model between the first sale and subsequent ones.
Changement de slides
By not respecting these obligations, current tools, such as OpenSea, automate everything too quickly, creating an accounting and legal nightmare for producers.”
So what is the solution ???
Changement de slides
"We want to create Heritage splitter, the first ‘Legal-Tech’ protocol on Avalanche.
Our innovation? A hybrid Smart Contract that intelligently separates the life cycle of the work:
In Primary Sales, it secures funds for the producer to ensure tax compliance.
In Secondary Sales, it automatically activates a trustless splitter that distributes royalties in real time between artists and rights holders."
Why Avalanche?
For fast transactions and the ability to manage real-world assets (RWA) with minimal fees, which is crucial for micro-distribution of royalties.
Changement de slides
With Heritage splitter, we bring the rigor of the law to the power of Avalanche to finally attract large on-chain production catalogs.
Changement de slides
Thank you for listening to us.
